what's going on YouTube is Alex here and
this is an update of my 8 gallon 32
litre betas Hank and yep today I just
went out and got some plants and some
rocks and did a bit more aquascaping
really so as I said to you guys
yesterday I was soaking some bogwood and
this bog wood is actually already soaked
his pre-soaked bogwood but it's a good
idea to soak it anyway so I'd have the
second for a couple of a couple of days
usually if it wasn't so she'd want to
soak it for a lot longer than that so
also I got some Jupiter rock which is
actually exactly the same as what's in
my cold water tank there which the air
stone is under if I quite liked it so I
thought I'd get it again and it's a nice
like pinky color which is a little bit
different as well so I got some Jeeps
rock which is some here some there is a
it's a little bit um this tanks a little
bit uh what's the word symmetrical I
guess you would say with how things are
laid out sorry for the cloudiness also
just being in here playing around moving
all the new stuff in so here's the Beast
of awkward i got the other day today I
picked up the Spock would um which is
obviously already soaked everything it's
already go and i have some java moss
attached to it and now this I thought
arts doing you know really well so get
that and that's going to look really
nice once it all feels iron over then
and I'll keep driving that and making
sure that's all good and then these
parts at the front here I was told by
the guy I bought them off they're a type
of java fern which stay really low but
i'm not sure exactly what they are so if
you guys know what these are what these
plants are then just give me a shout
apparently they're a type of java phone
but i'm not too sure over here i have
someone just regular java fern which is
quite big actually it's a bit big for
this tag but whatever and I just you
know wish that in the middle of some
rocks there are no some more of that
other little java fern down there and
then the back just rich how I in dahkur
which I've been groaning this tank from
the start of the cycle that's meaning
that from the start I was hoping this
Bobby would kind of hide the heater as
it goes up but where I wanted it just
kind of didn't like like the heater and
highly so what I might end up doing
moving the heater over a little bit you
know it's not the end of the world um
yes the only thing is is that I'm
probably going to end up getting a black
background for this tank and the fact
the heat or a silver is just not good
design really only two things that worry
me now about this new york escape is
that maybe there's a little bit too much
stuff in here I move back and give you
like a whole shot of the tank is this
too much stuff is it a nice aquascape is
it too overcrowded I don't know I mean I
quite like it looks quite natural but
you guys want to tell me what you think
is you know you know say whatever you
want it's your opinion I don't care if
you're going to be critical about it i
want you know good people's opinions
like critical or or good i mean whatever
really if you guys want to tell me how
this looks to you then go ahead the only
things that worry me is the fact that
the with my lighting here the light
obviously is shaded by that bar there
and doesn't get to the back of the tank
too easily and with this bogwood here
kind of shades that retailer back there
but not too bad so I'm hoping that's
still gonna do okay and another thing
that worries me a little bit it's just
generally this Java muscle of making a
mess in the tank and taking over stuff
but I'm sure everything will be all
right you know hoping it will be okay so
I'm gonna try turning up the flow rate
on this filter a little bit today
because i think my bait is fine with it
I don't think he's bothered about it at
all he does seem to be at the front
quite a lot which I don't know if that's
because the flow comes from the back to
the front of the tank and he's trying to
get away from it i'm not sure but maybe
he's just really friendly and likes to
be at the front of the tank i'm not sure
but just give you a little place up of
him i think i'm gonna call him charlie
um i don't know why i feel like that's a
good name for him he's really beautiful
so another thing i got today for him is
this food here which is stuff daphnia
yeah thats I say daphnia and really
meaty like a flash frozen I think it is
food it will freeze dried or whatever
you call it i'm not sure i'm also gonna
get him some
freeze dried or dried blood worm which
I'll feed him as well and maybe some
Mike beta pellets but it's a good idea
to feed your beta meaty foods really
brings out the color after immune system
know that sort of thing so yeah only
thing we're gonna have to keep an eye on
this tank in the next couple of days is
pH because of the bog would have just
added this gravel here is kind of an
alkaline buffer so I'm pretty sure we
should be around neutral maybe 6.8 with
this bog word because there is quite a
lot but this gravel was as I said make
the pH rise a lot so I'm sure everything
will be all right new dash no additions
to this tank maybe about a few months
down the line now I'm definitely not
going to do it now I've decided I'm
going to get some ember tetras I just
want to make sure the tanks were you
know already and everything for more
fish just to you know so I don't go an
algae bloom or ever I just want to let
these plants mature I'm gonna get black
background for this town just you know
stick on background I just want to make
sure that the tanks ready and then I get
some amber tetras maybe five you don't
know about empat extras they're not
finna furs they are so good wolf tetras
which means that they only get to about
two centimeters long fully grown which
is very small and yeah they're gonna go
out with this betta fish so I don't know
guys you tell me what you think that's
new sort of Tanks cape looks like him
didn't really take me a long time to do
but I quite like it you know it looks it
looks natural Rotella in the back
bogwood these are whatever this is it
looks like it looks like Java phone to
me but it he just said it grows really
low it doesn't get much bigger than that
oh my god Caitlin so I got that you know
these rocks java moss and then big java
phone over there in the wedged in the
rocks so you guys tell me what you think
post your comments please like this
video check out my channel now most
importantly subscribe thank you very
much forcing